the residents of Rancho Camelot Estates
want things to be perfect
the homeowners charter which you signed
says the grass is supposed to be 2
inches and yours is more like 2.5 so
they built a hedge to keep the animals
out
it never ends that way - what do we do
for food hey kids
[Music]
BHA BHT and good old MSG aka the chip
now the lines have been drawn over that
hedge I need a business listing for the
Terminator is from the creators of Shrek
and Madagascar
I think he's dead oh really do you in
fact have an associate's degree from
firm tech Bruce Willis Garry Shandling
Steve Carell I can burp my ABCs William
Shatner Wanda Sykes if you feel that
buzz in the back of your skull yeah
that's called sugar rush whoa the last
thing you need is caffeine just to
impress it is bold I like it and join
the whole family animals are in
[Music]
over the hedge
[Applause]
[Music]